# Determining-Tournament-Payout-Structures-for-Daily-Fantasy-Sports
Determining Tournament Payout Structures for Daily Fantasy Sports based on the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1601.04203">paper</a> with the same name. 
The idea is to come up with a payout structure for a competition with each payout value to be close to tens, hundreds, thousands, etc(a nice number as per paper terminology) and the bucket size of each group is monotic inreasing and the prize value should strictly decreasing.

This project is a fork of <a href="https://gitlab.com/benjy765/payout">this repository</a>. The inputs are the total prize money, total number of winners, first prize winner amount, entry fee or the minimum prize money( any other prize money should be greater than or equal to this ), Total groups in which result should be divided, total number of singleton groups. The results will always respect the total prize money , total number of winners and minimum prize money constraints ( these are hard constraints, differs slightly from the paper in this repsect ) and the other three are the soft constraints. Code will error out if any of the hard constraints is not satisfied with the proper error message. The original repository does not take singleton bucket as input instead use a fix number as 4. Also it differs from paper in calculating the initial bucket size. I followed the same heuristic method as susggested in the paper by the author to calculate the bucket size and the initial prize value of each bucket with post processing of the buckets after that. The code differs at the last step of spending the leftover funds to the buckets. Instead of breaking any constraint as suggested by author I am assigning the leftover funds in such a way that least number of buckets get affected by it and not breaking any hard constraint. 

Refer to the original repository for more information about the code.
